i used to sit on top of the highest
buildings in chrome in
i looked down like a god
you still got them super powers the
power to drink a fifth of whiskey and
not pay for it
[Music]
dad was a storyteller see
it's in our blood why is the punch
holster space time hey
oh you the dude who says he's from
another planet you got superpowers right
come on i just want to hear your story
my city was named chromium so that's
where you're from they had to invent
things to hurt me
intelligent asteroids killer robots
super villains see super one more time
oh okay okay
even the whiskey's weaker here space
whiskey all right look do you
have any superpowers at all the source
of my power doesn't exist here well you
got to feel the kid's head with [ __ ]
i've always been good to you right to
you and your family
you're risking our lives to hang out
with some homeless man max didn't have
to do any of this to help us
they will find you and they will kill
you so what are we supposed to do
you fight the war
get max fist
you look insane
[Applause]
[Music]